
Create a parent class.Set initial values using constructor.Define file_read and file_write methods in parent class
Open a file and read the file in file_read method.Write the output to the new file in file_write method.
Create a child class and inherit parent class.Define prefix(),suffix(),maximumword(),palindrome(),uniqueList(),dictWord(),vowels(),capitalize_thirdletter(),capitalize_5thword(),hyphen(),semicolon() methods for string manipulation.Define a print_file() method for printing the output.

Each method description is as follows:

a.Print the number of words having prefix with “To” in the input file
Initialse a list "result".Iterate the list1.Check if the word starts with "to".If true increment the count by 1.

b.Print the number of words ending with “ing” in the input file.
Initialse a list "result".Iterate the list1.Check if the word ends with "ing".If true increment the count by 1.

c.Print the word that was repeated maximum number of times.
Initialse a counter to 0.Iterate the list1.Count the frequency of each word.Check if current frequency is greater than counter.If true update the counter to current frequency and maximum_word to i.

d.Print the palindrome present in the file.
Iterate the list1.Check if the currrent word is palindrome.If true,append the current word to list "palindrome_word".

e.Convert all words into unique list and print in command line
Initialise list "unique".Iterate the list1.Check if the word is not in "unique" .If true append the word to "unique".Print the result.

f.Create a Word dict with Key as counter index and value as the words present in file and print them on screen.
Initialise list "dict_word".Iterate the list1 by enumerate function.Print the result.

g)i)Split the words based on the vowels                                                                                                                  
Using re.sub() function replace all the vowels by space.

ii) Capitalize 3rd letter of every word
Initialse "result".Iterate the string.If index is 3,append the result with the character at that index changed to uppercase,else append the character.Append the result to capitalize_3rdletter.

iii)Capitalize all characters of every 5th word in the file.
Initialse "result".Iterate the list1.If index is 5,append the result with the word at that index changed to uppercase,else append the word.Append the result to "capitalize_5thword".

iv)Use – in place of blank space
Iterate the list.Using re.sub() function replace the space by hyphen.

v)Use – in place of blank space
Iterate the list.Using re.sub() function replace the newline by semicolon.
